{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1504\cocoasubrtf820
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs24 \cf0 What is \'93Culture\'94?\
\
Culture is a combination of different characteristics that helps the user relate to the chatbot. It makes the chatbot more believable \'97 activates the \'93suspension of disbelief\'94 for the user.\
\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf2 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 \
Why it is useful to express culture?\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 As mentioned in the answer before, a culture oriented character makes the chatbot more relatable, real and believable \'97 activates the \'93suspension of disbelief\'94 for the user.\
\
\
How can an agent express culture?\
\
Adapting a character to a culture involves careful consideration of 10 key characteristics:\
\pard\pardeftab720\sl280\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
identity, backstory, appearance, content of speech, manner of speaking, manner of gesturing, emotional dynamics, social interaction patterns, role and role dynamics\
\
\
Adapting culture to our chatbot? (Homer Simpson)\
Yes, my character already has some culture built in (if people are aware of Simpsons). Homer is a middle class man in America, struggling to make ends meet. He is lazy and loves food and watching TV. He loves donuts and is really emotional at times. He is child in adults body. If I had the coding capability, I would like to introduce his key speech characteristics, where he reacts spontaneously. \
\
}